[docs] Move ORMs to Develop section (#15122)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/drivers-orms/orms/_index.md

---
title: ORM tutorials

> headerTitle: ORMs

Reviewer: Need a better heading - ORM hello world? ORM e-commerce app? or somesuch

linkTitle: ORMs
description: Build a REST application using ORMs with YugabyteDB
image: /images/section_icons/sample-data/s_s1-sampledata-3x.png
menu:
  preview:
    identifier: orm-tutorials
    parent: drivers-orms
    weight: 610
type: indexpage
showRightNav: true
---

> The examples in this section illustrate how you can buil an application by implementing a REST API server using the ORMs of your choice with YugabyteDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples in this section illustrate how you can build a basic online e-commerce store application that connects to YugabyteDB by implementing a REST API server using the ORM of your choice.

```

> The source for the REST API based application can be found in the [Using ORMs with YugabyteDB](https://github.com/yugabyte/orm-examples/tree/master) repository. The database access is managed using the ORM and includes the following tables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source for the REST API-based applications is in the [Using ORMs with YugabyteDB](https://github.com/yugabyte/orm-examples/tree/master) repository. Database access is managed using the ORM and includes the following tables:
```

- `users` — the users of the e-commerce site
- `products` — the products being sold
- `orders` — the orders placed by the users
- `orderline` — each line item of an order

> ## Choose your language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Choose your language
```
